Caching, we talked about caching earlier,
but we never talked about caching at
this level, like Memcached and Redis,
this is caching your database
versus caching your UI.
That's what the browser does, and
that's where we talk about CDNs,
and minifying your CSS, and your JS.
That form of caching, this form of caching
is about caching your data, right?
You're using Redis and caching to speed
up application and reduce database load.
These are very complex tools
that I only recommend if you're
gonna be using a complex backend
databases, things of that nature,
you don't have to, but
if you use the database one.
If you go and use MySQL and database,
then you probably need to start focusing
on caching as well on this level.
Error handling, this is telemetry, is what
it's called, the big word is telemetry,
w observability is the family this belongs
to, where we're looking at the errors and
we're watching the logs and
things of that nature.
I think Sentry.io is
a company that Bliss and
Scott are always talking about that
they love that handles a lot of this.
I highly recommend that if you're
gonna put something into the web,
you need to know this.
This is something that, especially as
front ends, we don't really care about,
we'd be like, that's cool.
I just came here to push pixels and
make things pretty on the web.
No, you have to know how to fix things and
make things logging.
This one right here, use TypeScript.
For me, this is mandatory if
you're using any framework.
And four years ago, I'd have been like,
no, you can use JavaScript if you want to.
Today, if you're using React,
you need to be using TypeScript.
And you're using Next.js,
you need to using TypeScript.
The harsh reality is when it comes to
building enterprise applications or
production-level applications in the real
world, people are using TypeScript.
So you need to be out there
using TypeScript as well, right?
And that's the only way you're going to
show the employers that you understand
the importance of their stack is by
using things that they value, right?
And types makes the code safer.
So we are practicing a safety thing.
I'm old school JavaScript, I grew up
before types, so I didn't care about
types cuz I was like, I know JavaScript,
so that's not a problem with me.
But types, it makes it better,
types makes your product safer.
And the last thing on this
list is add dark mode.
Adding dark mode is a normal
small thing that helps
showcase you understand the UI,
UI theming, and
how to change it based upon
the user requirements, right?
So the first phase of your dark
mode is you wanna make sure
that on the click,
they can change dark mode.
But you also need to make sure that
it picks up the system settings,
cuz guess what?
If my systems are already
set to dark mode,
I don't wanna have to set everything
else to dark mode, right?
That is something you have to think about,
right?
So you might do that first.
You can be like, all right, first system
setting, I choose a light mode, dark mode,
base point, I want the system set.
Then, I create the button so
that they can make the decision for
themselves if they want
something different, right?
So, think of it like that,
but that is my checklist.
If you do these checklists this way,
I mean,
you will have a fighting chance out there.